式をSKに変換

ltg-opt.cpp に書いてある
const char *progs[] = {
    "attack (0)(1)(15)"
};

を

expand integer = (((attack zero ) (succ zero ) ) (get (succ <emit_inc 15> ) ) )  <- 整数の展開
expand sk = (((S (K ((S (K (((S (K (attack zero ) ) ) succ ) zero ) ) ) get ) ) ) succ ) <emit_inc 15> )  <- SKの展開

↓実行されるコード
right slot=0 card=zero
left slot=0 card=attack
left slot=0 card=K
left slot=0 card=S
right slot=0 card=succ
right slot=0 card=zero
left slot=0 card=K
left slot=0 card=S
right slot=0 card=get
left slot=0 card=K
left slot=0 card=S
right slot=0 card=succ
right slot=1 card=zero
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
left slot=1 card=succ
right slot=0 card=zero

とかやります

リークしてるけど負けないで!!
